README.md, before:

Horario
==========
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/XJSHQ/horario.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/XJSHQ/horario) [![Crowdin](https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/horario/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/horario)

<img alt="Logo" align="right" height="220"
   src="https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/raw/master/extras/ic_launcher_web.png" />

*Are you a student?*

Horario is an open source app for managing your school or university life. 
Save your timetable and all tasks from homework to exams. Invite your group mates to collaborate.

 - **[Help us to translate it](https://crowdin.com/project/horario)** _(even a short look would be helpful)_

Report a bug or request a feature
----------------
Before creating a new issue please make sure that same or similar issue is not already created by checking [open issues][2] and [closed issues][3] *(please note that there might be multiple pages)*. If your issue is already there, don't create a new one, but leave a comment under already existing one.

Checklist for creating issues:

- Keep titles short but descriptive.
- For feature requests leave a clear description about the feature with examples where appropriate.
- For bug reports leave as much information as possible about your device, android version, etc.
- For bug reports also write steps to reproduce the issue.

[Create new issue][1]

Creating your Horario
----------------
We welcome all developers to use our source code to create applications on our platform.
There are several things we require from **all developers** for the moment:

1. Please **do not** use the name Horario for your app — or make sure your users understand that it is unofficial.
2. Kindly **do not** use our standard logo as your app's logo.
3. Please remember to read and follow the [license][4].

Versioning
----------------
For transparency in a release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, a project should be maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines. Sometimes we screw up, but we should adhere to these rules whenever possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format: `<major>.<minor>.<patch>` and constructed with the following guidelines:
- Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major while resetting minor and patch
- New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor while resetting the patch
- Bug fixes and misc changes bumps only the patch

For more information on SemVer, please visit http://semver.org/.

[1]: https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/issues/new
[2]: https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/issues?state=open
[3]: https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/issues?state=closed
[4]: https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

README.md: Mention contribution rules

README.md, after:

Horario
==========
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/XJSHQ/horario.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/XJSHQ/horario) [![Crowdin](https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/horario/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/horario)

<img alt="Logo" align="right" height="220"
   src="https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/raw/master/extras/ic_launcher_web.png" />

*Are you a student?*

Horario is an open source app for managing your school or university life. 
Save your timetable and all tasks from homework to exams. Invite your group mates to collaborate.

 - **[Help us to translate it](https://crowdin.com/project/horario)** _(even a short look would be helpful)_
 - **[Contibution rules](https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)** _(in cause you are a software engineer)_

Report a bug or request a feature
----------------
Before creating a new issue please make sure that same or similar issue is not already created by checking [open issues][2] and [closed issues][3] *(please note that there might be multiple pages)*. If your issue is already there, don't create a new one, but leave a comment under already existing one.

Checklist for creating issues:

- Keep titles short but descriptive.
- For feature requests leave a clear description about the feature with examples where appropriate.
- For bug reports leave as much information as possible about your device, android version, etc.
- For bug reports also write steps to reproduce the issue.

[Create new issue][1]

Creating your Horario
----------------
We welcome all developers to use our source code to create applications on our platform.
There are several things we require from **all developers** for the moment:

1. Please **do not** use the name Horario for your app — or make sure your users understand that it is unofficial.
2. Kindly **do not** use our standard logo as your app's logo.
3. Please remember to read and follow the [license][4].

Versioning
----------------
For transparency in a release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, a project should be maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines. Sometimes we screw up, but we should adhere to these rules whenever possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format: `<major>.<minor>.<patch>` and constructed with the following guidelines:
- Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major while resetting minor and patch
- New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor while resetting the patch
- Bug fixes and misc changes bumps only the patch

For more information on SemVer, please visit http://semver.org/.

[1]: https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/issues/new
[2]: https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/issues?state=open
[3]: https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/issues?state=closed
[4]: https://github.com/XJSHQ/horario/blob/master/LICENSE
